[Music]
so
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will discuss a thriller about a robbery
incident in a new
house to avoid the robbers a mother and
daughter decided to hide in a panic room
can they survive this robbery event
let's take a look at the panic room
storyline
panic room begins with the scene of meg
alterman a widow who has just divorced
from her husband who is looking for a
new home
her daughter sarah looks so active on
her scooter
lydia the home marketer took meg and
sarah to see a house in the manhattan
area
they then meet evan kerlander who
invites meg to see the house
the building consists of three floors
with a beautiful kitchen and a small
elevator
in her master bedroom meg is introduced
to a secret room behind the mirror used
by the previous owner as a panic room
this panic room is designed so tightly
with thick walls that no one can break
into it
meanwhile there are various monitor
screens connected to all the cctv
cameras in the house in this panic room
evan explained that the previous owner
was a millionaire who was introverted
so he created this room but it seems
that meg doesn't really like this room
because she doesn't like cramped spaces
evan also said that the panic tomb is
equipped with sensors to detect the
human body like an elevator
so that the door will not close if
people are objects are blocking the door
in other words this panic room is
definitely very safe
there is also a telephone that has a
different cable network from the
telephone network outside
this room is also equipped with its own
power line so that if the phone and
electricity from outside are turned off
the people inside will remain safe
because it is in a strategic location
meg finally decided to occupy the house
in fact meg and sarah are trying hard to
start a new life without sarah's father
leaving them with another woman of
course without her husband
meg feels so stressed that night it
rained non-stop
this is the first night the two are in
the new house meg and sarah
are completely don't know the threat
they will face in no time
before going to bed meg decided to
charge her cell phone
she then read some manuals on how to
connect cctv to a monitor in a panic
room
finally after several attempts all the
monitors in the room turned on
it's 2am in the morning it was still
raining heavily
without knowing two men appeared in
front of her house and tried to break in
but since all the doors were locked
tightly one of the men decided to climb
on top of the roof
the man's name is burnham but burnham is
confused when he finds some lights on in
the house
he then went into sarah's room and found
sarah sleeping
when checking into the master bedroom
burnham also found meg
who seemed to be sleeping even though
she was awake unfortunately
meg didn't realize there was a burnham
nearby
burnham went downstairs and opened the
front door letting junior in
junior came in with some tools and just
then a man came in wearing a black mask
this man's name is raul burnham had
absolutely no idea of raul's whereabouts
and was furious a junior
who brought other people along without
his knowledge but junior said that they
needed raul
burnham then explained that a mother and
child were sleeping in the rooms above
at first they were so confused because
the house was supposed to be empty
but now it was occupied burnham decided
that he wanted to end this stunt because
he felt insecure
but junior reminded him that they didn't
need to be afraid because what they were
facing were only two women
in addition raul was carrying a gun in
his hand
here it appears that burnham doesn't
want to hurt anyone but junior continues
to convince him that he needs money
and in this house there's three million
dollars that can get them out of poverty
in the room upstairs meg wakes up but
still doesn't notice the three men
hanging around in her house
when she was about to sleep again meg
turned off the light in the panic room
and that's when she realized the
presence of the robbers who were caught
on cctv cameras
meg knew she and her daughter were in
danger so meg immediately ran to sarah's
room
and woke her up at first sarah was
difficult to wake up
so meg had to splash her face with water
the two tried to run away but they were
blocked by raul
meg and sarah finally decided to get
into the small elevator in the house
but unfortunately robbers were waiting
for them on every house floor
with her intelligence sarah finally
advised them to immediately go to the
panic room
luckily both of them were so agile and
managed to lock themselves in the panic
room just in time
realizing that junior was so angry
because their main goal was to enter the
panic room
he then throws meg's mattress upside
down and drops her cell phone under the
bed
luckily none of these robbers were aware
of the existence of the cell phone
meg who was in the panic room used the
phone there
unfortunately the phone couldn't be used
because it had not been set
now both of them are hopeless they don't
know how long they will be trapped in
the panic room
meg tries to calm sarah in the panic
room while monitoring the three robbers
through the monitor screen
finally meg found a button that could
communicate one way in the house
meg tries to get the robbers to leave
but the men don't want to go and say
they will free meg and her daughter
if they can get into the bunker the
three robbers were so frustrated that
meg refused to cooperate
burnham said the bunker was so strong it
was impossible to break into it from the
outside
he had spent years building the bunker
and he knew very well
how robust a system was designed to be
the only way to get in is to get meg and
sarah out of the room
but burnham also realized that he
couldn't let meg and sarah out of this
house
because they would call the police then
one way that must be taken
is to lock them in the house burnham
then proceeded to take out his tools and
nail all the windows and doors in the
house
that's when burnham saw a gas cylinder
and got the idea
burnham then began to break into one of
the walls near the panic room
and attach a hose connected to the bag's
tube earlier
turns out burnham knows the air gap that
enters the panic room
and he intends to flow the gas to force
meg and sarah to come out on their own
but actually burnham is not a bad person
he just wanted to put in a little gas
but junior and raul didn't think like
him both of them did not
hesitate to put a lot of gas so that meg
and her daughter were killed
but burnham insists it's a terrible idea
because they need to get into that
bunker
and if meg and sarah pass out they'll
never get that chance
meg realized what was happening in the
panic room and tried hard to close the
ventilation holes
unfortunately her efforts were in vain
sarah had difficulty breathing
and found a small opening to get air meg
found a match from one of the boxes
and got an idea meg knew it's a
dangerous thing to do
but it was the only way so meg started
climbing up the air vent
and started a fire and sure enough the
flames burst out and caused half of
junior's face to burn
the incident ignited junior's emotions
and made the three robbers so confused
about how to get meg
and her daughter out of the panic room
it was still raining so hard and while
looking out of the small gap
sarah had an idea she then looked for a
flashlight
and began to shine a light on her
sleeping neighbor with a flashlight in
her hand
unfortunately the message was ignored by
her neighbors
and only considered it a sleep
disturbance on the other hand
meg knows that she has to keep the
insulin in sarah's body because sarah
has diabetes
fortunately sarah still wears a smart
watch that continuously monitors her
blood sugar levels
meanwhile raoul and junior are currently
talking downstairs
discussing the distribution of money
junior tells raul
that he is the grandson of the previous
occupant his grandfather was wealthy
and had so much money in the bunker that
he intended to break into it
the conversation between raul and junior
grew so intense
that burnham went downstairs as well
through the cctv monitors
meg realized that the three men were not
in their room it's time for meg to run
to her bed to get the cell phone
now they have new hope with a single
press
the panic room door opened and meg
rushed to her bed
but her cell phone is far from her reach
the three robbers realized that if meg
came out of her room
they immediately ran back upstairs
luckily
meg managed to grab her phone just in
time and ran into the panic room
but all of meg's efforts turned out to
be in vain because there was no signal
at all in the panic room
so they couldn't call anyone but that
doesn't make meg lose hope
when she saw the phone in the panic room
she knew she could connect it
by plugging it into the main line so meg
quickly climbed into the air vent and
started looking for the main telephone
line in her house
amazingly burnham wasn't stupid because
he realized that meg was looking for
telephone wires
they tried to cut off the landline meg
who put her phone on the main line tried
to call the police but no one picks up
her call
so she decided to call her husband and
say there were three men in the house
but the call was cut off because burnham
had managed to cut off the main
telephone line in the house
now their hopes are getting smaller
meanwhile sarah's blood sugar level
dropped and she was so worried about
sarah's condition
meg then tried hard to find sweets from
the box in the panic room
on the outside junior had given up
because he thought his purpose here had
failed
he kept talking until he accidentally
said that there were more than nine
hundred thousand dollars in the panic
room
his words immediately alerted burnham
and raul that there was more money in
the bunker than junior had told them
but junior doesn't seem like he wants to
get involved in robbing the bunker
anymore until he decides to leave
unfortunately raoul wouldn't let him go
just like that
just as he was about to step through the
door he was shot in the head by raoul
and killed him on the spot the incident
shocked burnham
raul began to threaten him that's when
in the doorway
stephen meg's husband stood still not
understanding what was going on
finally he was pulled in and beat by
raul now steven is a hostage to force
meg and sarah out of the panic room
repeatedly the two robbers reminded them
to get out if they didn't want steven
to be the next victim meg was so
stressed and didn't know what to do
sarah started having convulsions because
her blood sugar had dropped drastically
and she had to get an injection right
away whatever happens
meg has to get out of the panic room on
the cctv screen
meg could see that burnham was dragging
the sprawling raul downstairs
so this is the right time for her to get
out of the panic room
when she came out of the panic room meg
could see her husband's body lying on
the bed
she quickly ran to sarah's room and took
the injection
unfortunately it turned out to be all
just a trap
because the body that burnham drag was
actually stephen's body with raul's mask
on
meanwhile raul pretended to be steven in
meg's room
even though she had managed to get an
injection for sarah burnham had entered
the panic room
raul hid waiting for the right time to
attack meg
meg then ran into the panic room and
immediately ambushed by raul
the two clashed until raul was pushed
into the panic room
without thinking burnham immediately
pressed a button to close the panic room
when the door closed raul's fingers were
pinched and he was in so much pain
but burnham can't open the door because
raul's gun was left outside
and is now in meg's hand now meg has to
figure out how she can get sarah out of
the panic room
meg asks the two robbers to help sarah
because she has to get an injection
luckily burnham agreed to inject sarah
meg was told to come out because they
wanted to let go of raul's grip
brawl himself was so angry that his
fingers were now crushed
burnham finally injects sarah with the
drug which instantly restores her
consciousness
on the outside meg struggled to think of
a way to get sarah out until she came up
with an idea
meanwhile burnham finally finds the safe
they've been looking for
with his tools burnham began drilling
the safe
at that time sarah secretly hid some of
her syringes
unexpectedly two policemen appeared at
the door because stephen had called
earlier
meg knew she had to get rid of these two
cops if she didn't want sarah to be hurt
meg then pretended nothing happened and
asked the two cops to leave
after the cops leave meg begins to plan
a plan she believes
will save her family meg starts
destroying all the cctv
and locks all the doors in the house
meanwhile burnham finally manages to
break into the safe
the two of them were so surprised to
find bonds worth 22 million dollars
that's a lot of money to change their
lives burnham tucked all the bonds under
his coat and they were ready to leave
the house for good
the panic room door opened and the two
robbers started walking out with sarah
as their hostage
surprisingly burnham found that almost
all the doors were locked
as if there was only one way burnham
himself still shows concern for sarah
because he is willing to carry her when
passing through the broken mirror
they made it downstairs and met a badly
injured steven sitting with a gun
pointed at them
while in dialogue to hand over sarah meg
quietly came out of hiding and hit raul
with a big hammer
that's when burnham decided to escape by
breaking a window and sped away
unfortunately raul is still alive he
started attacking meg
stephen shot him many times but all his
shots were missed
raul and meg then wrestle that's when
sarah jumped to trowel
and stabbed him with the syringe she had
hidden but still
both of them lost power compared to raul
raul had almost smashed meg's head with
that big hammer until suddenly a shot
went straight to his head and killed him
turns out burnham couldn't bear to let
meg's family be the victims
and he decided to go back finally after
killing raul
burnham immediately left but the police
arrived at the house
and burnham was arrested this is the end
of the bloody heist at meg's new
[Music]
apartment
you